In closing, I can tell you... ...we take this very seriously. APD as well as the DEA. Stopping the sale of methamphetamines... ...remains one of our highest priorities. The theft of lab equipment from your school is also receiving our attention. Rest assured, no stone will go unturned... ...in our search for the person or persons responsible for this. If you have any questions, now would be the time. Sir. You're talking like you haven't caught anybody yet. What about the janitor dealing drugs at school? There is no indication that this individual was selling drugs. He was arrested for having a small amount of marijuana... ...in his car, not in the school. And he's since been fired. He had a record. I'd like to know how he got a job here in the first place. Why wasn't there a background check? There was one. We're currently reviewing our hiring policies. You better be doing more. This guy was arrested in front of my daughter. This guy was stealing lab equipment, right? That's not our thinking this time. We're looking at others, but not limited to the maintenance staff. Are you saying there was a break-in? Do we know when this happened? I mean, could it have been during school hours? We haven't been able to establish a date or time. There is no sign... ...of breaking or entering. So whoever took it had a key. We're talking inside job? Someone who's still at the school? Sir, at this time I'm not able to discuss details with you. What I can tell you... ...is we have good people working hard on this case. I'm sorry, officer, but that just sounds like double talk. We're trying to protect our children. Level with us. Really, we're giving you all the information we have. You know what I'd like to see in school? Drug-sniffing dogs. Yeah. Dogs and metal detectors and locker searches and strip-searches. - Our district has strict policies... - I heard about this school in Canada... ...they arrested one of the groundskeepers with drugs... ...and the next day they found out over half the students were high on LSD. LSD? When were you gonna tell us about the LSD? No, please. No one said anything about LSD. What about the equipment that's stolen? The equipment was taken from our chemistry-department locker. And tonight we're lucky to have someone here... ...to give us some specifics. Walt? Yeah. Mr. White is currently on medical leave. But as he's chair of the science department... ...he's made a very special effort to be with us here. And I'd like to take a moment to thank him for that. Could you please tell us more about the equipment that was taken? - Please. - Yes. Sorry. And thank you. The inventory list for the missing lab-wear is as follows: One 5000 millilitre round-bottom boiling flask.  One Kildall-style recovery flask, 800 millilitres.  Two full-face respirators.  Some CEP funnels, some head with a thermometer holder.  - Okay. - Okay. Okay. Where did that come from? And why was it so damn good? Because it was illegal. The basement. Unfinished, of cours...