Operation Icebreaker. - How we liking that? - We never used that before, did we? - Isn't that the name of a breath mint? - What? - Ice Breakers, right? Breath mint? - Nobody's gonna think that. Gonna be thinking about some ship in the North Pole breaking ice. Says you. I'm gonna be thinking Operation Breath Mint. I'm thinking Operation Breath Mint every time you and me are on a stakeout. Your breath can knock a buzzard off a shit waggon. All right, Operation TBD. Thanks for nothing, Gom. Anyway, say hello to Domingo Gallardo Molina. A.k. a. Krazy-8. Way smarter than your average cheese eater. I turned him out when he was street, but this dude's like The Jeffersons...  ...moving on up. - Every dealer he'd throw at us... ...he'd end up snaking their customers. - Turns out he's missing, presumed dead. Found his car out in the boonies. Last guy he ratted out was none other than his cousin... ...Emilio Koyama. You thinking the cousin found out and took revenge? Could be, turns out he's missing too. And normally I'd say someone did the world a favour. But our snitch's car, turns out we find two grams of meth in it... ...we take it to the lab, they come back... ...they tell us it the purest they've ever seen. Ninety-nine-point-one percent. Our chemist is blown away. Said he couldn't do better. Worse yet, it didn't come out of some super lab in Mexico... ...we're thinking this was cooked here in the Land of Enchantment. Car was abandoned at what appears to be a cook site. This is the only other thing left behind. We're sending it off to Quantico, see if they can pull something off it. Meantime, our guys swabbed the filter element and found the same 99.1 meth. So be on notice. We got new players in town. Now, we don't know who they are, or where they come from... ...but they possess an extremely high skill set. Me, personally...  ...I'm thinking Albuquerque just might have a new kingpin.  Jesus, Walt, you're burning the shit out of them. Damn it. Hey, Sky, you got any more chicken? Emeril, here, is gonna need a fresh pack. All right, looking good. Is this low-fat mayonnaise in the coleslaw? I don't know, it's store-bought. Okay, Hank, you need another beer? Does the pope shit in his hat? Yeah, I don't think that he does, Hank, and I think everybody would like it... ...if you'd stop saying that. - Marie, some more wine? - I'm all right, thanks. - All right. - Hey, I want a beer. Yeah, I want Shania Twain to give me a tuggy. Guess what. It ain't happening either. - How about some more soda? - Yeah, sure. Honey, do you need anything? - No, Walt, thank you. - Okay. Be right back. - No. - What, are you kidding me? You look like a damn movie star, man. Girls gotta be lining up left and right. - Tell him how good-looking he is. - He's adorable. He doesn't wanna be fricking adorable, he wants to be hot. See what I'm talking about? That's female perspective. - She's supposed to say that. - Look, a guy doesn't gotta look like... ...you know, Charlton Heston... I'm ...