Walt begins chemotherapy, which leaves him exhausted and nauseous. He hides the severity of the side effects from Skyler, vomiting in private and quietly enduring the fatigue. Skyler notices his deterioration and grows increasingly protective, which Walt finds suffocating. At school, Walt snaps at a student and later stares at his reflection in the bathroom mirror as clumps of hair fall out. He decides to shave his head completely, and when Walter Jr. sees the new look, he shaves his own head in solidarity, a moment that deeply moves Walt. Hank and his DEA partner Steven Gomez investigate the new blue-tinted methamphetamine appearing in Albuquerque. They trace the supply back to a low-level dealer and learn that the product has an unusually high purity level, suggesting a skilled chemist. Hank is intrigued but has no leads on the manufacturer. Jesse, still unable to distribute their product, reconnects with his old friend Badger and recruits him to sell on the street. Jesse devises a plan to claim individual corners and pushes into a territory near the crossroads. A rival dealer confronts Jesse, and the two end up in a standoff that Jesse narrowly wins by bluffing. Meanwhile, Skyler discovers that the baby shower tiara Marie gave her was shoplifted and is furious. She confronts Marie, who denies it. The sisters' relationship fractures as Skyler refuses to speak to Marie until she admits the truth. This pulls Hank into the middle, straining both marriages. Walt and Jesse cook a second batch in the RV out in the desert. Walt insists on maintaining the same high standard of purity, and Jesse is impressed but impatient — they need money now. Jesse starts selling the meth through Badger and his own street efforts, but the amounts are small and the margins thin. Walt calculates they need to move much larger quantities to make the operation worthwhile and tells Jesse they need a real distributor.

--- Episode dialogue (from subtitles) ---

Operation Icebreaker. - How we liking that? - We never used that before, did we? - Isn't that the name of a breath mint? - What? - Ice Breakers, right? Breath mint? - Nobody's gonna think that. Gonna be thinking about some ship in the North Pole breaking ice. Says you. I'm gonna be thinking Operation Breath Mint. I'm thinking Operation Breath Mint every time you and me are on a stakeout. Your breath can knock a buzzard off a shit waggon. All right, Operation TBD. Thanks for nothing, Gom. Anyway, say hello to Domingo Gallardo Molina. A.k. a. Krazy-8. Way smarter than your average cheese eater. I turned him out when he was street, but this dude's like The Jeffersons...  ...moving on up. - Every dealer he'd throw at us... ...he'd end up snaking their customers. - Turns out he's missing, presumed dead. Found his car out in the boonies. Last guy he ratted out was none other than his cousin... ...Emilio Koyama. You thinking the cousin found out and took revenge? Could be, turns out he's missing too. And normally I'd say someone did the world a favour. But our snitch's car, turns out we find two grams of meth in it... ...we take it to the lab, they come back... ...they tell us it the purest they've ever seen. Ninety-nine-point-one percent. Our chemist is blown away. Said he couldn't do better. Worse yet, it didn't come out of some super lab in Mexico... ...we're thinking this was cooked here in the Land of Enchantment. Car was abandoned at what appears to be a cook site. This is the only other thing left behind. We're sending it off to Quantico, see if they can pull something off it. Meantime, our guys swabbed the filter element and found the same 99.1 meth. So be on notice. We got new players in town. Now, we don't know who they are, or where they come from... ...but they possess an extremely high skill set. Me, personally...  ...I'm thinking Albuquerque just might have a new kingpin.  Jesus, Walt, you're burning the shit out of them. Damn it. Hey, Sky, you got any more chicken? Emeril, here, is gonna need a fresh pack. All right, looking good. Is this low-fat mayonnaise in the coleslaw? I don't know, it's store-bought. Okay, Hank, you need another beer? Does the pope shit in his hat? Yeah, I don't think that he does, Hank, and I think everybody would like it... ...if you'd stop saying that. - Marie, some more wine? - I'm all right, thanks. - All right. - Hey, I want a beer. Yeah, I want Shania Twain to give me a tuggy. Guess what. It ain't happening either. - How about some more soda? - Yeah, sure. Honey, do you need anything? - No, Walt, thank you. - Okay. Be right back. - No. - What, are you kidding me? You look like a damn movie star, man. Girls gotta be lining up left and right. - Tell him how good-looking he is. - He's adorable. He doesn't wanna be fricking adorable, he wants to be hot. See what I'm talking about? That's female perspective. - She's supposed to say that. - Look, a guy doesn't gotta look like... ...you know, Charlton Heston... I'm ...