Skyler organizes a family gathering and invites her old boss and former admirer Ted Beneke, which makes Walt uncomfortable and jealous. Walt overcompensates by drinking too much and forces Walter Jr. to drink tequila until the boy vomits, provoking a confrontation with Hank, who takes the bottle away. The incident reveals Walt's simmering resentment toward Hank's alpha-male confidence and his own sense of inadequacy. Skyler is appalled by Walt's behavior and demands to know what is wrong with him beyond the cancer. Walt offers no explanation. Jesse, struggling to build a distribution network, learns about a mid-level distributor named Tuco Salamanca who controls a significant portion of the local meth trade. Jesse approaches Tuco's associate Skinny Pete, an old friend from rehab, and asks for an introduction. Skinny Pete warns Jesse that Tuco is dangerously unpredictable, but Jesse insists. Skinny Pete arranges a meeting. Jesse goes to Tuco's headquarters — a fortified building in a rough neighborhood — and presents a sample of Walt's blue meth. Tuco tests it and is impressed by the quality. Jesse proposes a deal: he will supply Tuco with product in exchange for distribution. Tuco agrees to buy an initial quantity but then suddenly beats Jesse severely, hospitalizing him, and takes the meth without paying. Jesse calls Walt from the hospital, battered and humiliated, and tells him what happened. Walt visits Jesse in the hospital and sees the extent of his injuries. Hank and Gomez process the beating as a drug-related assault but Jesse refuses to cooperate with the police. Walt realizes that if they are going to operate in this world, they cannot be victims. He resolves to confront Tuco himself, recognizing that the partnership cannot survive if they can be robbed and beaten without consequence. Walt takes the remaining meth and quietly prepares for a direct meeting with Tuco.

--- Episode dialogue (from subtitles) ---

Here's my résumé. I mean, technically it says "curriculum vitae"... ...which I think is more professional, but, you know... ...same thing, pretty much. That's... Wow, great. This position truly is a no-experience-necessary kind of thing. And it doesn't really say it here... ...but I have a solid background in sales. I'm pretty much a self-starter, so... - That's excellent, but... - Excellent. I just... ...I really feel I could be a major... ...major asset to your sales force. I'm thinking there's a little misunderstanding. This isn't actually a sales job. I mean, I'd be happy to consider you for a sales position... ...but all our agents need to be licensed... ...have at least two years on-the-job experience... ...and usually a college degree. What you'll be doing is more like... ...advertising. Hey, Jesse. Hey, man. Yo, man. - What up? - Badger? Where you been keeping yourself? Nice duds. Yeah, you too. Thanks. Yo, why would you wanna do this lame-ass job, anyway? I mean, no offence. Because I'm on probation, yo. I gotta prove to the man I'm rehabilitated. Upstanding citizen, all that shit. It's really good exercise too. You can't just stand there, you have to spin the arrow. There's all these moves you have to learn, like "the helicopter. " Yeah. See, yeah? That one's a bitch. I'm not very good at it yet. You really opened my eyes to the possibilities. - Yeah. - Hey, anyways... ...thanks for the toke. - Any time. Speaking of which... ...you think you could maybe hook me up with some crystal? No, I've been out of the business for a while. Actually, now thinking about retiring. - What? No. - Yeah. That stuff you made is unbelievable. It was pretty awesome. Retirement? I can't be hearing this. No, man, I had this partner who was helping me cook. I mean, I was doing most of the work... ...but he was an asshole, so. Anyway, I mean, pseudo's getting harder and harder to come by and... Yo, I can hook you up with some pseudo. Major pseudo. I got channels, bro. We could partner up. No pressure. No pressure. Just think about it, all right? Oh, shit. I gotta go. Yo, this way to savings. Save your dollar bills, y'all. Big savings This way and save Come on! Save some money. It's a stupid gift. No, it isn't. He'll love it. I don't know what I was thinking. Didn't the invitation even say "no gifts"? - Walt. - What? We have to go. I know, I'm not complaining. Yes, you are. Look, we need this. We've been through a lot lately. Okay? Jesus, guess we didn't get the "beige" memo. We're okay. Yes, I look like I'm wearing a prom dress from 1985. Honey, you look fine. Walt, this is the only thing I could find that fit me. God, would you look at that. The invitation said "no gifts. " So? Come on. Sir, I'll take that for you. - Thank you. - You're welcome. Oh, look, there's Elliott. Oh, come on, let's go say hello. Elliott. Walt. You made it. Happy birthday. - Wouldn't miss it for the world. - Skyler. Hi. Oh, that's right. Great to see you. You look beautiful, as always....