Walt and Jesse return from the desert with the RV containing Emilio's body and an unconscious Krazy-8 locked inside. Jesse is panicked and furious, blaming Walt for the catastrophe. Walt takes charge and assigns tasks: Jesse must dispose of Emilio's body by dissolving it in hydrofluoric acid, while Walt will deal with Krazy-8, whom they lock in Jesse's basement using a bicycle lock around a pole. Walt goes home and lies next to Skyler, hiding all evidence of the night. The next morning Skyler notices Walt's strange behavior and presses him, but he deflects. Walt brings food and water down to Krazy-8 in the basement and the two have cautious conversations; Krazy-8 is calm and reasonable, telling Walt about his family's furniture business and how he fell into dealing. Walt begins to feel sympathy and considers releasing him. Jesse, ignoring Walt's explicit instruction to use a specific type of plastic bin, dissolves Emilio's body in hydrofluoric acid inside a regular household bathtub. The acid eats through the tub, the floor, and the ceiling below, sending a gruesome cascade of dissolved remains crashing through the hallway. Walt arrives at Jesse's house to find the destruction and is horrified. He makes Jesse clean up the mess. Back in the basement, Walt prepares to release Krazy-8 but first reconstructs a broken plate from the trash and discovers a large shard is missing. He realizes Krazy-8 has concealed it as a weapon. Walt confronts this knowledge in an agonizing internal struggle — Krazy-8 will kill him the moment he is freed. Walt returns to the basement with the key, and as he unlocks the bicycle lock, Krazy-8 lunges at him with the plate shard. Walt pulls the lock tight around Krazy-8's throat and strangles him to death. Afterward Walt sits on the floor weeping. He and Jesse bury the bodies in the desert. Skyler grows more suspicious of Walt's absences, and Walt deflects by claiming he is taking long walks to process stress. Hank mentions at a family dinner that the DEA is investigating a new high-purity meth that has appeared on the streets.

--- Episode dialogue (from subtitles) ---

Previously on Breaking Bad... I don't know what's been going on with you lately. You understood what I've just said to you? Lung cancer. Inoperable. You wanna cook crystal meth? You and me? You know the business. And I know the chemistry. You got crystals in here, 3 inches long. - What now? - Run, Mr. White, run! I'll teach you my recipe. What do you say? You wanna cook like me? TWELVE HOURS EARLIER - You are a life saver. - Yeah, man. - We can't thank you enough. - Hey, mad props. I could have sworn the guy said south. But then, all of a sudden we're off the main road. I'm trying to read the map while I'm driving, which is a bonehead maneuver. And all of a sudden... Bam, we're in that ditch. Yeah, bam, I'm like, what the hell? You know? Yes, and my coffee mug. Coffee? My mug of coffee? It spills all over my pants. I mean, just... a nightmare. Dude, you so need GPS. I mean, for real. Like I said, we couldn't be more grateful. Can't we just dump 'em here? What, then somebody finds them? Then what? People have seen us. You're gonna flood it, man. I'm not gonna flood it. She's not gonna flood, all right? We're just gonna stay positive, right? We're going to clean up this mess. Wish you would start. Damn it. See? You flooded it. All right. All right. You know what? The RV is going to start now. The RV is going to start right now. It's gonna start and we're gonna drive it over to your house. - My house? - Yes. We'll drive it over there and park it overnight. - And then tomorrow... - No, man, not my house! Shut up! After we finish cleaning up this mess, we will go our separate ways. Our paths will never cross. And we will tell this to no one. Understood? What, I can talk now? Fine. That goes double for me. Be good to me. Oh, shit. Synchro : Tyno Transcript : Tyno, Kevin www.forom.com www.sub-way.fr Walt? You coming out? Yeah, absolutely. You wanna hear something funny? We had a faculty meeting last Thursday and the topic was senior class photos, and how we had instituted a new rule last year that seniors are allowed to have photos taken by a photographer of their choice, Not necessarily the photographer that the school hires, right? So... Anyway, some of the senior girls were going to that... Glamour Shots place, to have their photos taken, and now they're bringing us all these photos, and Joan Epperman, you know Joan, suddenly has to go through all these photos and turn them down, because they show cleavage. Did you get enough pancakes, sweetie? Yeah. I'm good. You know, even these small-busted girls... have cleavage. Apparently there's some new type of brassiere, or something. The Wonderbra... It's the Wonderbra. Hey, there. You've reached Walt, Skyler and Walter, Junior. We can't come to the phone right now, so please leave us a message. Hello, Mr. White. This is AT&T calling. Are you happy with your current long distance service? 'Cause if you're not, I would definitely, really love to talk to you as soon as possible about... Hello? Hello. This is ...