Walt finally tells Skyler about his lung cancer diagnosis. Skyler is devastated and immediately begins researching treatment options, oncologists, and costs. She insists they fight it aggressively. Walt resists, saying the treatment will bankrupt the family and only buy a few months. Skyler schedules an appointment with an oncologist anyway and tells her sister Marie Schrader, who is shocked. Hank tries to offer Walt support in his gruff way, but Walt shuts down any emotional conversation. The family gathers for an uncomfortable intervention-style meeting where Skyler, Hank, Marie, and Walter Jr. each share their feelings about the diagnosis and urge Walt to pursue treatment. Walter Jr. passionately argues that his father must fight. Walt listens quietly and ultimately agrees to undergo chemotherapy — not because he wants to, but because the family pressure leaves him no choice. Meanwhile, Jesse tries to sell the remaining meth from their first cook. He approaches his regular contacts on the street but quickly discovers that without Krazy-8 as a distributor, he has no reliable network. Jesse tries selling small amounts himself at a biker bar and nearly gets robbed. He realizes he cannot distribute the product alone and needs a new connection. Walt and Jesse meet to discuss their situation: they have a superior product but no distribution channel. Jesse suggests they need to establish territory, which means dealing with other dealers. Walt is reluctant but understands the logic. At a follow-up medical appointment, Walt learns the chemotherapy will cost thousands per session even with insurance. He calculates the total financial burden on a napkin and recognizes that his teacher's salary cannot cover both treatment and his family's future security. This hardens his resolve to continue cooking. Skyler creates an online fundraising page for Walt's treatment, which humiliates him. Marie shoplifts a decorative tiara and gives it to Skyler as a baby shower gift, a habit that will later cause tension.

--- Episode dialogue (from subtitles) ---

Let's break it down. Hydrogen. What does that give us? By mole? We're looking at 63%. 63? That is a big bite. My next step's gotta be oxygen. Oxygen: 26%. 26. There you have your water. Carbon: 9%. Carbon: 9. - For a total of 98%? - Right. - Nitrogen: 1.25%. - 1.25. That brings it to 99 and a quarter. Which only leaves you with the trace elements down where the magic happens. Oh, wait a minute. What about calcium? Calcium's not a trace. Got a whole skeleton to account for. - You would think, right? - Right. Calcium. Calcium is only .25%. What? That low? Seriously? Damn, I never would have thought that. Okay, so where does iron fit in? Iron. Wow, okay. .00004%. What? You can't have hemoglobin without iron. - Apparently, it don't take much. - No, it don't. Go figure. - Sodium. - Sodium:.04. Phosphorus:.19. .19. There we go. So, the whole thing... adds up to... 99.888042%. We are .111958%... shy. Supposedly that's everything. I don't know. I just... I just... Just seems like something's missing, doesn't it? There got to be more to a human being than that. Synchro : Tyno Transcript : SwSub www.forom.com www.sub-way.fr I hate these shoes. These shoes make me look like I should be changing bedpans, like I should be squeaking around bringing soup to some disgusting old person, then take the bus home to my 16 cats. Then why are you wearing them? I like the support. My arches happen to be extremely archy. Yo. What's up? Hey, can you call me, like, in two minutes? Thanks. Bye. Gotta go take this. Female? Louis. Not like it's any of your business, though. Just be quick about it. Oh, and, um, please don't say yo. You can't know how much I hate that. You missed a... spot right there. Should you be up on that ladder? You're more than welcome to take over for me up here. I don't see why you don't just get Walt to do it. Yeah. There's an idea. So, I'm working on this new short story, and there's this stoner character in it, and I'm trying to... Well, know you, actually, let me back up. You've smoked your fair share of pot in college, didn't you? I mean, you at least tried it. Come on. I perhaps tried it. Why? Do you rember it having an effect on your mood, like changing it in any major way, or... It made me more serious. Really? Because I mostly rember it made me light-headed. That's about it. I was just wondering if it maybe could... You know, it's just a character thing I'm stuck on. Never mind. - Walter Jr.'s on pot? - What? No! No. - What would make you even... - Where's he getting it from? - Marie. - Seriously. Is it this Louis person? What are you going to do about this? You need to look me in the eye. I am strictly asking about a story that I am writing, that's all. Right hand to God, Walter Jr. is not on pot. Certainly not as far as I know. Not as far as you know? Marie. Look at me. Hey, turn around and look at me. This... This here... I wouldn't do this to my worst enemy. This is degrading. I'm sorry. You hope I'll make it easy on you and just drop dead...