Walter White, a 50-year-old high school chemistry teacher in Albuquerque, works a second job at a car wash to support his pregnant wife Skyler White and their teenage son Walter White Jr., who has cerebral palsy. At his 50th birthday party, Walt's brother-in-law Hank Schrader, a boisterous DEA agent, shows off his gun and invites Walt on a ride-along to witness a meth lab bust. Walt accepts the invitation out of quiet curiosity, and during the raid he spots his former student Jesse Pinkman, a small-time meth cook, escaping through a window. The next morning Walt collapses at the car wash and is rushed to the hospital, where a doctor diagnoses him with inoperable Stage III lung cancer and gives him roughly two years to live. Walt tells no one about the diagnosis. He drives to Jesse's house and proposes a partnership: Walt will cook methamphetamine using his chemistry expertise, and Jesse will handle distribution through his street connections. Jesse laughs at the idea but agrees after Walt threatens to turn him in to Hank. Jesse purchases an old RV to serve as a mobile lab, and they drive it out to the desert to cook their first batch. Walt's chemistry produces an exceptionally pure product — 99.1 percent — far superior to anything Jesse has seen. While they celebrate, Jesse's former associates Krazy-8, a mid-level dealer whose real name is Domingo Molina, and his cousin Emilio Koyama arrive at the cook site, having followed Jesse. Emilio recognizes Walt from the DEA ride-along and accuses Jesse of working with a police informant. Krazy-8 and Emilio force Walt and Jesse into the RV at gunpoint and demand that Walt demonstrate the cook. Walt begins the process but deliberately creates phosphine gas, then runs out of the RV, jamming the door shut behind him. Emilio dies from the gas. Krazy-8 stumbles out alive but collapses unconscious. Walt, in shock, hears sirens approaching from a distant brush fire and drives the RV away from the scene with both bodies inside, crashing it into a ditch. He records a video confession and farewell message to his family on Jesse's camera, then raises a gun toward the arriving vehicles — which turn out to be fire trucks, not police.

--- Episode dialogue (from subtitles) ---

Oh, my God. Christ! Shit. Oh, God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Think, think, think. Oh, my gosh. Okay. Come on, come on, come on. Come on. My name is Walter Hartwell White. I live at 308 Negra Arroyo Lane, Albuquerque, New Mexico, 87104. To all law-enforcement entities, this is not an admission of guilt. I am speaking to my family now. Skyler. You are the love of my life. I hope you know that. Walter Jr. You're my big man. There are... There are going to be some things... Things that you'll come to learn about me in the next few days. I just want you to know that no matter how it may look I only had you in my heart. Goodbye. - Money before the panel earlier this year. Happy birthday. Oh. Look at that. That is veggie bacon. Believe it or not. Zero cholesterol and you won't even taste the difference. Mm. What time do you think you'll be home? Same time. I don't want him dicking you around tonight. You get paid till 5, you work till 5. No later. Aha. Hey. Hey, happy birthday. Well, thank you. You're late again. There was no hot water again. I have an easy fix for that. You wake up early, and then you get to be the first person in the shower. Hm. I have an idea. How about buy a new hot-water heater? How's that idea? For the million-billionth time. Did you take your echinacea? Yeah. I think it's getting better. What the hell is this? - Hey. - It's veggie bacon. We're watching our cholesterol, I guess. Not me. I want real bacon. Not this fake crap. Too bad. Eat it. Phew. This smells like Band-Aids. Eat it. So how does it feel to be old? How does it feel to be a smart-ass? Heh. Good. Eat your veggie bacon. - You're all set? - Yeah, I'm fine. All right, see you at home. Okay, see you. Chemistry. It is the study of what? Anyone? Ben. Chemicals. Chemicals. No. Chemistry is... Well, technically, chemistry is the study of matter. But I prefer to see it as the study of change. Now, just... Just think about this. Electrons. They change their energy levels. Molecules. Molecules change their bonds. Elements. They combine and change into compounds. Well, that's... That's all of life, right? I mean, it's just... It's the constant, it's the cycle. It's solution, dissolution, just over and over and over. It is growth, then decay, then transformation. It is fascinating, really. Chad. Is there something wrong with your table? Okay, ionic bonds. Are you done? Ionic bonds. Chapter six. One, two, three makes 10, and 10 makes 20. There's your receipt. Just hand this claiming disc to your car-wash professional. Thank you. Come again. He's not coming. He says he quits. I'm gonna run the register. Bogdan, no. We talked about this. I'm short-handed, Walter. What am I to do? Walter? What am I to do? Hey, Mr. White. Make those tires shine, huh? Oh, my God. You will not believe who's cleaning Chad's car. Mr. White. From chemistry. Surprise! Happy birthday, Dad. - Happy birthday. - Happy birthday. Oh, you're so very late. Really, I'm serious, Skyler. I mean, you're flat a...