King Robert Baratheon reappoints Ned Stark as Hand of the King before departing on a hunting expedition, leaving Ned to govern the realm in his absence. When reports arrive that Ser Gregor Clegane, known as the Mountain and a retainer of House Lannister, has committed brutal atrocities in the Riverlands, Ned sentences the Mountain to death and formally summons Tywin Lannister to court to answer for his bannerman's crimes. Recognizing that this action will likely provoke war with the powerful Lannister family, Ned makes the difficult decision to send his daughters Arya and Sansa back to Winterfell for their protection. Through his investigation into the death of Jon Arryn, Ned discovers a devastating secret: Prince Joffrey and his siblings Myrcella and Tommen are not King Robert's biological children, but were instead fathered by Jaime Lannister, making them illegitimate heirs to the Iron Throne. At Winterfell, Bran Stark tests the special saddle designed by Tyrion Lannister that allows him to ride despite his paralysis. During this ride, wildlings from beyond the Wall attack Bran, but his brother Robb Stark and Theon Greyjoy arrive to rescue him. They kill the male wildling but capture the female, Osha, taking her as a prisoner to Winterfell. In the Vale of Arryn, Tyrion Lannister exercises his right to demand trial by combat rather than face Lysa Arryn's predetermined judgment. Lady Lysa chooses her champion, Ser Vardis Egen, a skilled knight of the Vale. The sellsword Bronn volunteers to fight as Tyrion's champion, motivated by the promise of gold. Bronn defeats and kills Ser Vardis through superior speed and cunning, securing Tyrion's freedom from the Eyrie. Across the Narrow Sea in the Dothraki camp, Viserys Targaryen grows increasingly impatient and desperate as Khal Drogo delays the promised invasion of Westeros. In a moment of rage and desperation, Viserys threatens to kill his sister Daenerys and her unborn child unless Drogo immediately provides him with an army. Drogo responds to this threat by executing Viserys in a manner befitting his greed, pouring molten gold over his head and declaring that he was no true dragon since fire cannot kill a dragon.