Ned investigates Jon Arryn's death by retracing his final movements. He visits a blacksmith's apprentice named Gendry, a strong young man with black hair who bears a striking resemblance to a young Robert Baratheon. Ned begins to understand what Jon Arryn discovered: Robert has bastard children throughout King's Landing, and all of them have black hair. Ned obtains the book Jon Arryn was studying before his death, a genealogical history of the great houses. Tyrion departs Castle Black heading south and stops at Winterfell, where he gives Bran, now awake but paralyzed, designs for a special saddle that will let him ride a horse despite his broken legs. Robb Stark receives Tyrion coldly, suspicious of all Lannisters. In the Dothraki camp, Daenerys discovers she is pregnant with Drogo's child. Jorah Mormont tells her privately that a Targaryen heir changes the political calculation in Westeros. Daenerys announces the pregnancy to Drogo, who is overjoyed and declares the child will be the Stallion Who Mounts the World. Viserys grows increasingly bitter that the Dothraki show him no deference. At King's Landing, the tournament of the Hand begins. Ser Gregor Clegane, called the Mountain, kills a young knight named Ser Hugh of the Vale during a joust — the same Ser Hugh who was Jon Arryn's former squire and a potential witness. Littlefinger tells Sansa the story of Gregor and his brother the Hound, how Gregor burned his brother's face as a child. Ned suspects Ser Hugh's death was not accidental and that someone is eliminating people who knew what Jon Arryn learned. On the road south from the Crossroads Inn, Catelyn Stark recognizes Tyrion Lannister among the travelers. Acting on Littlefinger's identification of the dagger, Catelyn calls on the loyalty of her father's bannermen present in the inn and arrests Tyrion, accusing him of the attempted murder of Bran. She takes him not south toward King's Landing but east toward the Eyrie, her sister Lysa's stronghold in the Vale, hoping to avoid Lannister pursuit on the main road.